Chen Meixuan is so scheming
Intentionally provoke Jiang Shun
He punched you in the face
We can only set the auction price of the faucet stick.
One hundred million?
I'll do it for you.
Let's write off the Sengoku crystal cup
As long as you bow your head and admit your mistake
When will the Li family and Cheng family be with him?
Doesn't this little girl from the Li family dislike men?
brat
I had arranged my fiancée here long ago
Make me worry about you for nothing
Miss Li
Are you sure your Li family is doing this kind of tax?
The Li family is the Li family
I am I don't want to mix it up
Li Meng, have you thought it through?
If you help this Li leg of the Chen family now
It is to be the enemy of my entire Jiang family
Don't blame our Jiang family for taking action against the Li family
Shut up and come to me if you're not happy
What's the matter, I, Li Meng, will take care of it alone
We talked about this beam.
Remember Chen Meixuan
As long as you are in front of everyone now
Keep your head down.
I will pay for your Chen family dragon head stick
Mei Xuan, don't be angry
Does it officially matter?
Is that all?
It's time for me to say a few words
Miss Li, when did I ask for your help?
It's time to change your self-righteous personality
Maybe I can marry a good family in the future
Don't know what's good
Do you know
Except me.
Who else can pay this billion for you?
Isn't it just 100 million?
After a while, some people knelt and begged me to put it away